the cause of the most stress is when you have a job that needs to be done
and you're not the one doing it, especially when you deal with people
who don't have as much ownership of it as you would like them
to. So, uh, one case that a recent experience I was a chief in charge
of in serve and we have to make sure that all of the electrical equipment
across the whole entire ship was complete to satisfaction. And
you send to Electrician's up there. Maybe it's a third class and
a seaman apprentice. You send another first class here to do that job
second class here to do that job, and you have to walk around as a
chief to make sure that everything gets done. And there's no way that
you can check every single thing. And yet, like you realize that
if something isn't done particularly right, we check an automatic bus
transfer and it doesn't transfer. You know that's gonna look bad on
you on the sailor, slightly but more on the department in general,
and it's it's kind of scary, you know, like like for most of the things
I wish I was the one doing it. I wish I was the one, you know,
correct. You know, correcting things, But, um, we don't work in that
environment. We work in a team environment, and as a team, you actually
have to really depend on your other team members. So some of them
you wish were a little bit stronger. But that's a part of being in
the Navy. That's a part of, like, training people. That's the part
of, like, learning from your mistakes and making sure that, like, um,
hey, you know what this was done incorrectly. Let's get it right
the next time.